Position Property

1.static
->The element is positioned according to the Normal Flow of the document. The top, right, bottom, left, and z-index properties have no effect.    This is the default value.


2.relative
->An element with position: relative; is positioned relative to its normal position.
Setting the top, right, bottom, and left properties of a relatively-positioned element will cause it to be adjusted away from its normal position. Other content will not be adjusted to fit into any gap left by the element.
 (ye current window ke relative apne position ko change krega.Gap khali hi rhega,koi uski jagah nahi lega )


3.absoloute
->An element with position: absolute; is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor (instead of positioned relative to the viewport, like fixed).
However; if an absolute positioned element has no positioned ancestors, it uses the document body, and moves along with page scrolling.
Note: Absolute positioned elements are removed from the normal flow, and can overlap elements.
 (absolute apne se phle jaha pr position property use kiya gaya hai uske realtive me apne position ko change krega.Gap khali nhi rhega isme. )



4.fixed
->An element with position: fixed; is positioned relative to the viewport, which means it always stays in the same place even if the page is scrolled. The top, right, bottom, and left properties are used to position the element.
A fixed element does not leave a gap in the page where it would normally have been located.
(fixed apna position fixed rakhega chahe wo apne parent element se bahar hi kyu na chala jaye.Ye apna position nahi chhorega.Gap bhi nahi chhorta hai,gap maintained nhi rhta hai.Agar koi chizz already present hai to fixed usko overlap kr dega)


5.sticky
->An element with position: sticky; is positioned based on the user's scroll position.
A sticky element toggles between relative and fixed, depending on the scroll position. It is positioned relative until a given offset position is met in the viewport - then it "sticks" in place (like position:fixed).
(ye apne parent element me hi stick rhega)